normalized: overview
normalized: engs
normalized: labs
normalized: notes
normalized: reading
normalized: resources
normalized: examples
normalized: overview
normalized: engs
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: how
normalized: design
normalized: amp
normalized: build
normalized: large
normalized: reliable
normalized: maintainable
normalized: and
normalized: understandable
normalized: software
normalized: systems
normalized: the
normalized: process
normalized: you
normalized: will
normalized: learn
normalized: program
normalized: with
normalized: unix
normalized: development
normalized: tools
normalized: let
normalized: break
normalized: that
normalized: down
normalized: the
normalized: objectives
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: are
normalized: for
normalized: you
normalized: learn
normalized: software
normalized: design
normalized: principles
normalized: good
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: and
normalized: documentation
normalized: debugging
normalized: and
normalized: testing
normalized: design
normalized: and
normalized: coding
normalized: with
normalized: team
normalized: programming
normalized: programming
normalized: unix
normalized: use
normalized: git
normalized: for
normalized: source
normalized: code
normalized: management
normalized: the
normalized: first
normalized: few
normalized: weeks
normalized: this
normalized: course
normalized: are
normalized: crash
normalized: course
normalized: unix
normalized: and
normalized: please
normalized: sure
normalized: follow
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: coding
normalized: style
normalized: guide
normalized: all
normalized: your
normalized: assignments
normalized: finally
normalized: you
normalized: join
normalized: team
normalized: other
normalized: students
normalized: design
normalized: build
normalized: document
normalized: and
normalized: test
normalized: large
normalized: software
normalized: project
normalized: your
normalized: very
normalized: own
normalized: search
normalized: engine
normalized: engs
normalized: dartmouth
normalized: college
normalized: this
normalized: version
normalized: the
normalized: course
normalized: based
normalized: upon
normalized: those
normalized: designed
normalized: professors
normalized: palmer
normalized: kotz
normalized: zhou
normalized: campbell
normalized: and
normalized: balkcom
normalized: deeply
normalized: indebted
normalized: these
normalized: outstanding
normalized: educators
normalized: stephen
normalized: taylor
normalized: this
normalized: page
normalized: was
normalized: last
normalized: updated
